Machine learning guide 10.13 (#296)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/anomaly-detection-bundle/anomaly-detection-using-smartphone.md

#### Data collection with Machine Learning Workbench (MLW)

> 1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload the *AnomalyDetectionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. This creates a new project named **AnomalyDetectionDemoProject_uuid**, which has a total of 6 resources. You will get 3 files in the **Data** folder and 3 files in the **Code** folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload the *AnomalyDetectionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. This creates a new project named **AnomalyDetectionDemoProject_{UUID}**, where `UUID` is a system generated unique identifier. This project has a total of 6 resources. You will get 3 files in the **Data** folder and 3 files in the **Code** folder.
```
We should clarify that UUID is auto-generated identifier.

> 1. Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Upload a project](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#upload-a-project) and upload *AnomalyDetectionDemoProject.zip* project to MLW. A new project will be created with the name **AnomalyDetectionDemoProject_uuid** having a total of 6 resources. You will get 3 files in the **Data** folder and 3 files in the **Code** folder.

Reviewer 2: this creates > This creates
@MWindel I actually like this phrasing, could you use this consistently in similar places?
"This creates a new project named **xxx**, which has a total of x resources."

Once the model is available in the **Model** folder, it can be deployed to Machine Learning Engine (MLE) for predictions.

> Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Automated ML > Model deployment and predictions](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#model-deployment-and-predictions) and deploy the *isolationForests.pmml* model to Machine Learning Engine (MLE) and predict *test_data.csv* data available in the **Data** folder, using the *isolationForest* PMML model.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn´t there be a comma before the second "and"?

> Follow the steps described in [Machine Learning Workbench > Automated ML > Model deployment and predictions](/machine-learning/web-app-mlw/#model-deployment-and-predictions) and deploy the *isolationForests.pmml* model to Machine Learning Engine (MLE) and predict *test_data.csv* data available in the **Data** folder, using the *isolationForest* PMML model.

Reviewer 2: We never use an article with Machine Learning Engine
